I hope you are prepared to
have an event that will blow your
Worst ever prepared to go the event will
to do only with the going of so much will have
to give in to the ego I hope you are
prepared to receive this event
including me and me over there
Otherwise if you want other people
also
fresh but other people
this guy who also this guy that I
I do not know the name
he will be there of course everyone
because I'm super hero
Sorry, I do not remember everyone then.
you have to enter the site and see which
youtube is there but it will be a lot of people
interesting way as well as a
strange person who does not like youtube
but're watching a video on youtube you
extract but do not fear because there is the band
also the band mega driver will do
metal music using non- metal instruments
It was made of metal or something.
now if you're the type if you're from
competitive type and want to participate
some tournaments
as prepare the heap of this tournament
It went well that afternoon.
I am very nice to have the sponge tournaments
fifa hand and foot bros species
mario party and also 10 notebook
for me to see things
if you find yourself the fuck these games
it was well tuned if you think the
button of these games and wants to win prizes
of up to 2,500 reais in worth shopping stores
So sign up for the leagues now.
because it is online you can not eat in the
I think you're not sure then.
get ready to win the games
the old but the best part is
placed in the rear and some others will
to do many lectures I 'll be at the
stage talking any shit that
appear in my head and I'm
doing now with this ridiculous cover on
The truth is a white cloth does not appear
there your head and your memory more
nice of life
the game a game show event will create a
Nice memory, I think it would be
let's redo the show team will be the
Epic event will blow up the
biologists and create great memories of their
life the most memorable memories
memories he's had in
every moment
will be more incredible than when a
simple family gathering and it 's not that
down there and your ticket
anticipated is cheaper because it is logical
you get the first votes because
life is not easy for anyone then
this is between now be guaranteed in the
most of all event
It's amazing we have it now.
Sorry you did not have
legal subsidies on the channel sorry
but we are here do the next video
take care
the show arena and wilson soon
the colony against attacks a canal
love story
which made him a story in a
great level
a history of returning in month 2 maybe
A few weeks in the ready will leave.
So do not ask me, do not fill me up.
bag